Add fileName to the webpack loader params, allowing users to identify… (#634)
seek-oss/vanilla-extract: .changeset/nervous-beans-destroy.md

---
'@vanilla-extract/webpack-plugin': patch
---

> Add fileName to the webpack loader params, allowing users to identify the source file for vanilla-extra css imports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add fileName to the CSS virtual loader params

This allows users to identify the source file for vanilla-extract css imports
```
